Add documentation for slow logs (#5345)
DataDog/integrations-core: elastic/README.md

        "index.indexing.slowlog.threshold.index.debug": "0ms",
        "index.indexing.slowlog.threshold.index.trace": "0ms",
        "index.indexing.slowlog.level": "trace",
        "index.indexing.slowlog.source": "1000"
      }
      ```

    * To configure search slow logs for a given index `<INDEX>`:
      ```
      curl -X PUT "localhost:9200/<INDEX>/_settings?pretty" -H 'Content-Type: application/json' -d' {
        "index.search.slowlog.threshold.query.warn": "0ms",
        "index.search.slowlog.threshold.query.info": "0ms",
        "index.search.slowlog.threshold.query.debug": "0ms",
        "index.search.slowlog.threshold.query.trace": "0ms",
        "index.search.slowlog.threshold.fetch.warn": "0ms",
        "index.search.slowlog.threshold.fetch.info": "0ms",
        "index.search.slowlog.threshold.fetch.debug": "0ms",
        "index.search.slowlog.threshold.fetch.trace": "0ms"
      }
      ```

3. Add this configuration block to your `elastic.d/conf.yaml` file to start collecting your Elasticsearch logs:

    ```yaml
      logs:
          - type: file
            path: /var/log/elasticsearch/*.log
            source: elasticsearch

>              service: <SERVICE_NAME>

Reviewer: Fixing indent:

```suggestion
            service: <SERVICE_NAME>
```

      logs_enabled: true
    ```

> 2. To collect search slow logs and index slow log, [configure the settings][14]. By default, slow logs are not enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. To collect search slow logs and index slow logs, [configure your Elasticsearch settings][14]. By default, slow logs are not enabled.
```

>     * Configure index slow logs for an index

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * To configure index slow logs for a given index `<INDEX>`:
```

      ```
      curl -X PUT "localhost:9200/<INDEX>/_settings?pretty" -H 'Content-Type: application/json' -d' {
        "index.indexing.slowlog.threshold.index.warn": "0ms",
        "index.indexing.slowlog.threshold.index.info": "0ms",
        "index.indexing.slowlog.threshold.index.debug": "0ms",
        "index.indexing.slowlog.threshold.index.trace": "0ms",
        "index.indexing.slowlog.level": "trace",
        "index.indexing.slowlog.source": "1000"
      }
      ```

>     * Configure search slow logs for an index

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * To configure search slow logs for a given index `<INDEX>`:
```

            service: myservice
    ```

  * Add additional instances to start collecting slow logs:

>     ```yaml

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

    ```yaml
```

>             service: myservice

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            service: <SERVICE_NAME>
```
